---
title: "The one that came first"
draft: false
description: "Nascent Medical - Mechanism of Action VR"
author: "Studio Zero"
---


Greetings Users!

I know that we have a weekly catch-up, but its been a while since the last one and the 2 before that were a bit more focused on other things, so I just wanted to send this to sort of round out the week. 

We are moving!
---

Yes. We are moving to a co-work just located around the corner. Its a nice space, much cleaner and smells less like piss on the stairway. We will have a office similar size to our current one and then we will be sharing a storage office with VR setup seperatly. There's also nice toilets, separate kitchen, communal area and Free coffee. We were gonna have to move eventually, so why not now!

Mac Update
---

Im sure we all saw it. Apple have decided to throw themselves at the VR gods. They are now offering a 'Dev Kit' which is just an external GPU + SteamVR is now supported in MacOS (and Linux). Its only for Vive at the moment, but Oculus are probably not too far behind.

But what does this mean for WebVR?

Well, Mozilla released a nightly version with support for OSX and the Vive. Its going to be a while before real Mac users are going to start using their Macs for VR - but we'll end up having to support it anyway - it might hopefully mean that the API will land in Safari too.

There was also a bunch of Machine Learning and AR stuff released. 

Safari will also be updated with support for WebRTC and WebAssembly. I couldn't see anything about these features also appearing in the new Safari for iOS - but who knows, maybe. WebRTC is going to be good for P2P via the web, as well as possibly WebAR so as to get hold of the camera feed. 

WebAssembly is likely going to be Unitys new target for compiling to the web. With only Microsoft left to announce their plans ( you can enable it in Edge under a flag ) - WASM is going to change a lot of things. Especially for those places that are definitely NOT GAME STUDIOS.


Samsung Competition
---
I Posted this in the general channel, but as a nice little reminder - it would be cool if we all had a go at entering this Samsung competition -- https://medium.com/samsung-internet-dev/virtual-hackathon-lets-make-vr-together-53f629552764 -- not just for the chance to win some socks, but also to raise our profile a little bit. We're in conversations with Samsung around possible ways in which we can partner with them on content, so would be good if we can show them a few of the things that we can do.

TechXLR8 - VR&AR Show
---

Next week (Tue, Wed, Thur) we have a stand at VR&AR Show, which is part of a much bigger event. Myself and Gareth will be there all 3 days I think manning the stand. The Intern will be there probably for a couple of days recording some video that we will use to drive social and then Im guessing Leigh and Merrick will probably drop by at some point when they are bored of Blend :). 

We're hoping to gets lots of attention, we don't seem to be surrounded by people who offer similar services and we have a Wunderbar new banner to draw them in. In terms of Demos, its gonna be a mish-mash of things, we usually tend to tailor them to the person to make it as relevant as possible. 