# Zero hassle website

You need to install `s3-upload`

```npm install -g s3-upload```

## First things first...

In order to get this working, you'll need an AWS credentials config file. This will not be stored in the repo. Someone else has it.

It's called `aws-credentials.json`, and it contains the magic words to tell AWS to let you deploy your app. The contents will look something like : 

````json
{
  "accessKeyId": "secretIdGoesHere",
  "secretAccessKey": "secretAccessKeyGoesHere",
  "region": "eu-west-2"
}
````

If you don't have this file, and no-one else has this file... you're going to need to login to AWS and create another one. 

**Got it?**

Cool. 

Now do these steps (you'll only need to do this once)

* `npm install -g s3-upload`
* `npm install`

That should do the trick.


## Making the site

* Go to the root of the project.
* `npm run build`

## Deploying the site

* Go to the root of the project.
* `npm run deploy`

## Deploying a test version

* `npm run deploy-test`


## Creating the site

OK - so we use some core tech here to make our lives easier

* Pug (FKA Jade) for templating
* SASS as CSS pre-processor
* CommonMark.js for writing posts in MarkyMarkdown

### Some principles

You'll notice there's a '_drafts' folder in the blog section. This is because this is (deliberately) a public github repo. _This_ folder doesn't get uploaded to github. Sometimes we don't want to show our working out, before we show the results.

By convention, folders with a '_' prefix will be ignored in the build. This is to help our IDEs maintain relative links without cumbersome configs.

Also, folders with an `index.html` at the root, will be uploaded wholesale, assuming that they're for microsites or standalone demos. **Nothing will be built** 

If a `.json` file is found, it's assumed that it'll build a page using a specified template, which will be named at the root element of the json data. i.e.

````
    /src/somefolder/random.json
    {
      "_template" : "index.pug",
      "attributes" : {
            ...
        }
    }
````

The minimum that it needs is the `"_template"` node, but if that template includes any of the global template includes, you're going to want to populate the `"attributes"` object, which is the same structure as is generated by Frontmatter YAML in a Markdown file.
**NB** all template files should be at the root of the `./template` folder.


### YAML

We use frontmatter YAML in the markdown files to pass on additional data to the publishing system.